[Music]
hi I'm saving them beads to give dude
and I'm going to show you how to line
for cake if your tin has a springform
base take off the side and measure
around the bottom so you get a more
accurate fit with your paper
as you can see it's a really snug
fitting base and I'm just going to show
you how to line the size now but check
your recipe because it may not be
necessary because I don't want to waste
any paper I'm actually going to use the
off Scott slime IV so just cut the strip
slightly wider them inside themselves
then you're going to fold up the bottom
edge
[Music]
and so they split evenly in my kitchen
I'm just going to snip the bottom at an
angle then I'm going to slot this into
my kitchen the sand edges make sure you
get really nice straight sides so I'm
just going to use the rest of my off
cuts to finish it off and that's my
round cake pan done and now I'm going on
a low spin i've pre-greased this as
before so i'm just going to mark the
same width as the low steam base so I'm
just going to cut down this line and I'm
just going to place this in my low spin
[Music]
with two little handles that you can
pick up the cake with
this would be fine for a low skimmed if
you want to be extra careful you can
also line the sides and there's also
applies when you're lining around it and
then place them in the tent
folding down the corner the reason I'm
doing isn't huge it is it just means you
get straight aside from the cake
imbalances
[Music]
so there you have two different ways of
mining cakes and candies the distance
[Music]